# Meteor, an ad free experience

Meteor is a solution to the problem of ads.  Meteor is a video streaming platform with tight Youtube integration that aims to replace the ad based income that supports the modern content creator.  

Instead of using the ad revenue generated by free users to support content creators, it has users pay a small (think Netflix) fee per month to use the service, then use this fee to support the content creators that the user chooses to view.  The fee ($10 - $20) is divided proportionally among each of the content creators the user consumes by watch time.

## Terms

### Paid Video

Paid videos are the primary video type.  Meteor videos uploaded as Paid Videos can only be watched by paying users.  Paid videos provide payouts through the proportional payout system, and contribute to a user's paid-seconds.

### Free Video

Free videos are the default video type.  Youtube videos displayed on Meteor and Meteor videos explicitly uploaded are considered Free videos.  Free videos can be watched by both logged in users, paying users, and anonymous users. 

### Meteor Native Video

Meteor videos are videos that are uploaded explicitly to the platform.

### Youtube Export Video

Youtube export videos are videos exported from a Youtube account to the Meteor CDN.

### Youtube Native Video

Youtube native videos are videos that were viewed on the Meteor platform (thus have video entries in the DB) but have not been exported to the Meteor CDN.

### Video Claim

Meteor videos can be claimed by a logged in user.  If a user has reuploaded a Youtube video not owned by them to Meteor, the correct owner can claim the Meteor video.  A claimed Meteor video is exempted from payouts until correct ownership can be confirmed.  If the claim is false, the video's payout will be added to the next billing cycle.  If the claim holds, the video will be tranferred to the claimer's Meteor channel.  If other reuploads of the same video are found, they are deleted, with the video with the largest watch time kept on the proper owner's Meteor Channel.

## Project Plan

Meteor is broken into 3 stages of development: *Video platform*, *Youtube mimic*, and *Creator Platform*.

### Video Platform

Basic video hosting and display.  Basic auth to prevent tampering with other videos, users can upload from the app or website and view other videos by directly typing in their URLs.

### Youtube Mimic

Implement searching + recommendations from Youtube, add a login with Google button.  Additionally, tight Youtube integration will be developed here (video export + channel tracking?)

### Creator Platform

This takes Meteor to the next level.  Now the payment system will be fully implemented and paid/non-paid videos and channels will be differentiated.  The first payments issued after release.